README.md, before:

# get-routes

get-routes gets all routes from an Express application.

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install get-routes
```

## Quick start

First you need to integrate get-routes into your application.

```javascript
const getRoutes = require('get-routes');
```

Then, call `getRoutes` with an Express app to get a list of all registered routes.

```javascript
const routes = getRoutes(app);

console.log(routes);
// => {
//      get: [
//        '/articles'
//      ],
//      post: [
//        '/articles/:id'
//      ],
//      ...
//    }
```

## Running the build

To build this module use [roboter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/roboter).

```bash
$ bot
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 the native web.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

- add functionality to load all routes from sails.js app - update the unit test to use mocha and should.js - add more unit test to rich 100% code coverage - update the eslint to recommended level

README.md, after:

# get-routes

get-routes gets all routes from an Express or Sails.js application.

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install get-routes
```

## Quick start

First you need to integrate get-routes into your application.

```javascript
const getRoutes = require('get-routes');
```

Then, call `getRoutes` with an Express app to get a list of all registered routes.

```javascript
const routes = getRoutes(app);

console.log(routes);
// => {
//      get: [
//        '/articles'
//      ],
//      post: [
//        '/articles/:id'
//      ],
//      ...
//    }
```

## Running the build

To build this module use [roboter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/roboter).

```bash
$ bot
```

## Running the test

to test this module run

```bash
$ npm test
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 the native web.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
